Lesson Plan;
    1) Ask to students to know all concepts so far. If they missed or not understand one of them,
    as soon as it must be learnt, just because all concepts are gonna use in the next concepts.

    2) Define the String class in Java. Represents sequences of characters.It s very special class.
    Compare with Scanner class. Import packages!
    How to create string objects. by String literals (""), by new keyword

    3) Methods of the string class. Every single class has methods then the objects can use them.

    4)  String class package --> java.lang.String  but implicitly imported(by compiler), no need import !!!
    Create a new class named "StringIntro".   not "String". It s a reserved word in java.
    Show the Scanner package and String package imports !

    5) String class designed for Char sequences.(Multiple Characters)
    6) Classes are mean to be objects. In order to use class we create the objects, then we can use them.

    7) Literal objects, "Java", "ICHC" Every single characters in a string represents by numbers called
    index number. When you type a string, index numbers will be assigned in the order, string with 0

    8) Every string objects are immutable. Later,after 17

    9) String pool, is a special memory location, explaining after stack and heap memory
    it doesn't take duplicates !!!

    10) Heap is a Java memory location. Every objects stand in the heap memory.
    11) Stack; all the local variables are located in the stack

    12) String literal objects comparisons  str1==str2, !!! //True

    13)  Creating a string object with "new" keyword; it s not in the pool anymore.
    Creates new different objects, even the sequence of characters are same.
    objects comparisons  str1==str2, !!! //False

    14) Then we need String methods!  to compare, modify, length ...etc
    in java, always use methods with strings

    15) case sensitive, Methods; .equals() --> just checks the values, charAt(), length(),
    toLowerCase(), toUpperCaase,
    16) Create a class Initials, then findout name and surnames initials with charAt()
    17) index number is Out of range?






